Just one more time.
Dad, please?
Oh, my God.
♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom
♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang
♪ How, how, how, how
♪ Hey, hey
♪ You gotta come on.
Hey, they having a bulk sale
at Suits 'R' Us?
As a matter of fact, yeah.
Pretty snazzy, right?
Yeah, if it's your
First Communion.
Or if you're
picking up the keys
to the sweet new house
you just bought.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Realtor said it was gonna be
a great investment.
What are your
contingencies?
How long's escrow?
Have you seen any comps?
Uh, no contingencies,
escrow closed this morning,
and I don't know what
that third thing was.
What the hell, Sebastian?
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I figured
you'd react the way
that you're reacting
right now,
like I'm being impulsive.
First smart thing
you've said.
HANNAH:
Good morning. Dr. Wade.
Black coffee,
a touch of chicory.
You know my poison?
I do my research.Thank you.
You don't take coffee, Lasalle.
Who am I looking at?
Lieutenant Commander
Spencer Morrison.
No wallet, no phone.
NOPD I.D.'ed him
off his fingerprints.
WADE:
Abrasions and contusions
suggest a struggle.
HANNAH: Burst capillaries,
bruising around the neck.
Strangulation?My initial thought
as well.
But I've never seen a
strangulation pattern like that.
A small cluster of bruising
around the neck.
Very interesting.Hey there.
First official crime scene
as the boss.
How's it going?
She brought me coffee.Ah.
Iced for you two.Never say no
to an ice-cold bribe.
Not that you have to
bribe us or anything, you know.
Unless you're secretly horrible.
Which...
clearly you're not.
Thank you, Sebastian.
What do we know about
Commander Morrison?
Member of a diplomatic corps.
Foreign affairs officer.
Specialized in the Middle East.
Billeted out of D.C.
He was probably here for the
Middle Eastern trade conference.
That's right.
Morrison's C.O. said
he was sent last minute
to attend a conference mixer
yesterday evening.
Conference started at 8:00 p.m.
By 8:40, witnesses reported
Morrison coming through here
running for his life.
Anybody see what
he was running from?
No, but there are
surveillance cameras
all over the park.
Already pulling the footage.
If someone was
following Morrison,
they could have come here
from the conference.
SEBASTIAN: Yeah, Gregorio
and I can head over there,
start asking some questions.
Let's make it the three of us.
I've had my share of
interactions with diplomats.
It's always a delicate dance.
Big shoes to fill,
but it seems like Hannah's
holding her own all right.
I think Pride would approve.
Hope his first day as the big
boss is going just as smooth.
Mmm.
[soul music playing
over car stereo]
Special Agent in Charge.
Did you have any trouble
finding your way?
Uh, not used to coming
all this way
into the castle,
but I made it.
Steven Thompson,
your ASAC.
Heard a lot about you
over the years.
Good things, I hope.
Well, stories, anyway.
D.C. wanted more
field experience,
that's what they got.
Still recovering from your
injuries
Slowly and painfully.
This should be a welcome
change of pace. This way.
We're already five minutes late
for your meeting with JAG.
Huh?
I thought I was early.
At Southeast early
means 30 behind.
Agent McGill used to arrive
by 5:30.
He liked to get a head start.Uh-huh.
Not sure I can promise to
continue that routine, but...
SCIF facilities
are this way,
chief of staff
office is here.
C.O. is out of town; you'll
meet her when she's back.
A dozen other hands
to shake, but no time.
Special Agent Pride.Uh, yes.
I'm Ginny Young, your assistant.
Oh, well, it's a pleasure
to meet you, Ginny.
Pleasure's all mine.
I got a stack of to-dos
and phone calls
for you to return.
And these are the open case
files for your meeting with JAG.
This meeting.
That I'm heading into now.
Yes. Anything wrong?
Uh...
No. I just, I'm used to
reading up ahead of time.
This is more of a read-as-you-go
kind of deal.
SEBASTIAN: Well, whoever was
at the mixer last night
is at this breakfast right now.
So all we
got to do is see
if anyone knows Morrison.
That's easy enough.
SEBASTIAN:
Yeah, if you're fluent
in 20 different languages.
And if the diplomats don't claim
immunity and clam up.
It's best to keep it
friendly and casual.
I'll tackle the Middle
Eastern languages,
then move to Asia
and Europe.
Well, I'm-- how many languages
do you speak?
Fluently, six. Yeah.
Big disappointment
to the parents.Oh.
But, I'm conversational
in about 15.
It's easy when
your mother's a linguist.
All right, well,
I'll take Russian
off your plate.Great.
Yeah, and I got high school
Spanish on lockdown...Yeah.
...so, tengo hombre.
Okay, buena suerte.
Yeah. What?
JAG 1: Case number 147503.
Stolen medical supplies.
Items have been recovered
unharmed.
Case is being shelved for now.
Okay, how many arrests?None.
Well, then the case
isn't closed.
I'm looking over the file,
and a couple
witness statements
seem fishy-- the orderly who
called in the theft...
THOMPSON:
What the SAC is saying
is keep the investigation open
until arrests are made.
Well, that wasn't exactly
what I was saying, but...Let's sidebar.
Okay.Next.
JAG 2:
Case 15877.
Petty Officer
Carmine, Jonathan.
UA out of Pensacola
going on three weeks.
Investigating agent thinks
he took an unscheduled vacation.
I-I see that, but he
didn't pack a bag.
So I-I'm wondering if maybe
we should...
:
Uh, respectfully.
Yes.
I know fieldwork's
second nature, but, uh,
we've got 37 of these
to get through.
Oh. Excuse me.
Carry on.
Loretta.Well,
I guess old habits do die hard.
I meant to call Hannah.
You're not the only one
struggling with transitions.
First day blues?
First day frustration.
No one will let me do anything.
Oh, perhaps you're trying
to do too much.
You took the job for a reason.
Just slow down, focus on health.
You should give it more than
an hour and a half.
Doctor's orders.
Yeah.
Before you go,
what do you got?
Don't you think that should be
Hannah's concern?
Uh... maybe, but...
I'm invoking
SAC's privilege. Spill.
Foreign affairs officer
asphyxiated
in the Carousel Gardens.
Looks like a sharp strike
forced his trachea
into his airways.
PRIDE: Close combat blow.
Trained killer.
You might have a professional
hit on your hands.
THOMPSON:
Special Agent Pride.
That's my babysitter. Gotta go.
We're reconvening
with JAG tomorrow.
Budget meeting just got
pushed up, too.
You might get lucky and have
a few minutes for lunch.Huh.
That does sound lucky.
Uh, okay. Let's try this again.
Um, cocktail mixer,
uh, last night.
Ah, coffee,
with cream and sugar.
Oh, no. I'm not a,
I'm not a waiter.
Um, I'm actually,
I'm an investigator.
And I'm trying-- do you
think that the suit
makes me look like
I'm on the staff?
'Cause, obviously,
that's not something
that I want to--
you're right.
Let's
Man.
You don't understand Klingon,
do you?
She probably doesn't but
I know a few key phrases.
Okay. What-Whatever that was
was not Klingon.
Well, you're quite the
detective, aren't you?Yeah, kind of.
Well, I'm sort of like, um,
Bill Nye the Science Guy.
You know? But armed.
Bow tie would really
bring that look home.
Yes. Yeah.
Sebastian...
Hmm?
...is my name.
My name is Sebastian.
That's me. Hi.
I'm your saving grace,
Carmen Delahoy,
diplomatic translator,
United Nations
Trade Association.
That is an
incredibly long title.
Very impressive.
Um, do you mind,
actually, can you ask her,
um, if she's seen this man
last night?
I-I wasn't done.
This guy-- I knew it.
He's CIA or something,
isn't he?
What? No.
Did
Yeah. Last night.
He was acting a bit dodgy.
It looked like he was following
one of the diplomats.
I thought maybe it was like
a-a covert meetup
or a dead drop or something.
I like spy movies.
No. Trust me,
I-I love spy movies, but, um,
I think I'm gonna need
a little more information.
Am I a witness?
Where is he going?
I'm afraid he has
a speech to give
to 50 of the most important
economists in the Middle East.
Your Arabic is excellent,
by the way.
Oh, shukraan.It's a
beautiful language.
Is there anything
I can help you with?
In fact, there is one more
member of your delegation
I do need to speak with.
Mikael Basara?
Bank executive.
Mikael was
at the mixer last night,
but I haven't
seen him since.
Maybe too many music clubs
The city is seductive.
Mm-hmm.
New Orleans, after all.
:
Nobody will admit
they knew or saw
Commander Morrison.
Isn't the whole point
of diplomatic relations
to communicate?
There is one
missing UAE member.
Mikael Basara.
Get the feeling
he's our answer,
especially since
his delegation claims
they don't know
where he is.
"Claims"?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I may not speak
Arabic or Russian,
but I do speak people.
I got a hot lead.
HANNAH:
Oh, who's that?
It's Carmen.
Does this hot lead
have a last name?
What?
Uh, yeah, yeah.
Delahoy. Carmen Delahoy.
Hmm, and what did this
Carmen Delahoy see?
I have no idea. She got
pulled back into work,
but we're gonna meet here
later for drinks.
Oh. Is this a witness
interview or a date?
It's an interview. It's
definitely an interview.
Why? Do you think
she's vibing me?
Well, I don't care
how we get our answers,
as long as we get them.
Sebastian, go have
those drinks.
Okay.
We will focus on Mikael Basara.
Bye.
Mikael Basara checked into
the hotel two nights ago.
He went to every
conference event
until 19 hours ago
when he slipped off
the face of the earth.Not a coincidence.
He's got to be involved
in Morrison's murder.
Yeah, why would
a foreign bank executive
kill a Navy diplomat?
Because Morrison was more
than just a diplomat.
You get read in on some sort of
secret file on our commander?
The opposite. I was
completely stonewalled.
I was assured Morrison
was there as an observer.
An observer
no one knows or saw.
Yeah, which is
why I'm gonna
call in some favors from
my contacts at CIA, DIA...
PRIDE: Save those favors
for another case.
Morrison's murder didn't
add up to me either,
so I made a few of my own
phone calls, got some answers.
New job comes with perks.
Not trying to overstep.
No. We'll take all the help
we can get.
Okay. Good.
So...
I'm sorry.
No. I'm sorry.
No.
HANNAH: No.PRIDE: It's...
Please.
Commander Morrison
was not a diplomat.
He was a covert naval
intelligence officer
on assignment.
What kind of assignment would
bring him to New Orleans?
The Khalifa Brief.
Stuff dreams are made of.
What's the Khalifa Brief?
PRIDE:
A document outlining
a massive international
money-laundering scheme.
HANNAH:
Rebels, warlords,
arms dealers, all running
blood money into one Dubai bank.
It's like the yellow pages
of the world's most wanted.
Morrison was sent here
to make contact with a source
trying to sell the brief.
I'm guessing Mikael Basara.
Deal could've gone south.
Basara kills Morrison
and escapes in the night.
Right theory,
wrong suspect.
I've been looking
through video footage
from last night's crime scene.
Take a look at what I found.
HANNAH:
Black hoodie.
Trailing Morrison.
And he follows Morrison,
takes all his stuff.
Got to be our guy.
PATTON:
Our gal, actually.
I've been running
facial recognition.
HANNAH:
That won't be necessary.
We know who she is
and where she is.
♪ Whisper through my window...
Carmen.
Hey.
Sorry, uh, didn't have
any time to change.
I think you're
dressed to kill.
♪ Please...
So, wait, you just
bought a house...
Mm-hmm.
...by yourself,
waived inspections.
Yeah, you know,
when you say it like that,
sounds like a terrible idea.
No, I was gonna say it sounds
like a very mature idea.
Can barely keep track
of my flat keys.
Oh, my God, right?
That's why I got
one of these.
This is a, um...Is that Gigantosaur?
I-I was gonna say it's
a-a keychain tracker
to help you locate your keys,
but yeah, you know Gigantosaur?
The greatest Godzillarip-off
the world has ever seen.
Are you kidding?
I can't... yeah.
I can't believe
that you've seen it.
I thought I was, like,
the only one. Um...
Should probably just bring this
back to the case.
Um, Commander Morrison?
Yeah, I, uh, saw him last night.
He wasn't mingling.
He seemed a bit off.
Huh.
That's probably why I
thought he was a spy.
Oh.
Then I might've gotten
a bit carried away.
How
I took a video of him
speaking to some guy.
Weird, right?That's super weird. Yes.
But, honestly,
it could be
incredibly helpful.
Can I see the video?
Totally. It's on my phone.Oh, great.
Oh, except I left
that in the room.
Oh.
Uh, that's... okay.
I'm sorry. I should,
I should really take this.
Sure.
GREGORIO: You two look
like you're going to prom.
Nine o'clock, act natural.
♪ Get close to me
with his eyes... ♪
Hey, Mom.
Kind of in the middle
of something right now.
Listen, you're not the only one
she's working.
She's after the Khalifa Brief.
What in the hell is the K...Shh! You don't need to know
what that is right now.
All you need to know is
Morrison was a spy.
Your girlfriend
probably killed him
so he couldn't get documents
that would essentially bust
every bad guy
in the world.That's wonderful
to hear, Mom.
Call me "Mom" one more time,
I'm gonna put my foot...
I'm... would you
give me a second?
And I'm going to, um,
I'm gonna get the check.
Yeah, sure.
Real quick.
Okay. Thanks.
Yeah, tell all
the cousins that I miss them.
Let's talk soon, okay? Kisses.
Check.
She's got video of Morrison
up in her room.
Like a stranger has
candy in his car.
I got to check it out.
My gut tells me that
something more is going on.
Your gut also told you
to wear a suit and buy a house.
Maybe it's indigestion.
Gregorio, if someone reached out
to you with information
about a murder,
wouldn't you follow it?
If that somebody
was the murderer,
I'd think twice, Sebastian.
All right, well, we both agree
that we need more info,
and our best option is for me
to go up to that room.
Maybe.
But I don't like it.
Hey.
You get yourself killed,
leave me the house, all right?
So, ready to go check out
that video?
Thought you'd never ask.
Carmen knows Sebastian's NCIS.
What if she's luring him out
to tie up loose ends?
Yeah, except I don't think that
Sebastian's what she's after.
If Carmen had gotten the Khalifa
Brief off Morrison's body,
she'd be long gone,
but she's still here.
Yeah, she's probably fishing.
Thinks Sebastian
can help her find it.
HANNAH:
We keep Sebastian in play.Stay on Carmen's hip
so she can't get the brief
before us.
We need Morrison's source.
We find Basara,
we get the Khalifa
Brief first.
PRIDE:
Yes.
No. No, thanks. I appreciate it.
FBI's got nothing on Basara.
Diplomatic status
makes finding him
a whole lot more complicated.
Okay, time for
some bright ideas.Yeah.
What's the first thing you'd do,
stuck in a foreign country,
scared for your life?
Call home.
Exactly.
Yeah, but you
said the FBI...
Guess we'll find out how much
pull this new job really has.
SEBASTIAN:
So, uh, the video...
...it's on your phone?
Yes. Sit.
Wine?Oh. Thanks.
Cheers to your new house.
GREGORIO: No, no, no, don't
drink that, Sebastian.
It could be poison.
Oh, here,
let me show you.
Mm.
CARMEN: Pardon, sorry.SEBASTIAN: Oh, it's okay.
Oh, wait a
minute, what?
She kind of looks like
Dorothy Zbornak.
Dogothy Zbornak, actually.
It's my dog.
Are you serious right now?
I'm a huge Golden Girls
fan. Obviously, yeah.
Well, we just hit
all the marks, don't we?
GREGORIO:
Video, anyone?
So, the, uh, the video.Right. Yes.
SEBASTIAN:
Okay.
So Morrison left the hotel
with some other guy.
Separate cabs.
They were talking
about something.
Did you hear anything?
No.
Really? You were only,
like, six feet away.
No, no. Don't push her too hard.
I mean, you know, if
you happened to catch
a phrase or two.You know what I think?
I think I need
to get out of this dress
and change into something
more comfortable.
That's gonna go well.
You better be careful,
Sebastian.
Tell me you're not doing
what it looks like you're doing.
Running an international trace
for a surveillance operation.
On a foreign
banking executive
with diplomatic
immunity.
Exactly what I didn't
want you to tell me.
This is highly
unusual.
Mikael Basara is a person
of interest in a homicide
who may have valuable intel.
We need to find him.
Yes, of course, by using
the proper channels,
filing requests through
the State Department.
I have.
That takes weeks to approve.
We don't have weeks.
If the UAE finds out
what you're doing,
it could cause an
international incident.
And I'm prepared to take
responsibility if that happens.
AGENT:
Sir.
I have a secure trace.
I know you have a unique
way of running a team,
but this is more than a team.
It's the...
It's the entire
southeast region,
you've made that
abundantly clear.
But for the moment,
I am the special
agent in charge.
So if you'll
excuse me...
Where was Basara
located when he made that call?
AGENT:
In New Orleans, sir.
French Quarter.
He's still
in the hotel.
GREGORIO:
Sebastian, listen to me.
Do not let Carmen
leave that room.
Do you hear me?
I think Pride found
her next target. What do you mean?
Morrison's intercepting
high value intel
from a source, Mikael Basara.
He's in the penthouse right now.
Whatever you do,
keep Carmen where she is.
I'm on my way to secure Basara.
Okay, I won't let her
out of my sight.
Hey, wait!
God, no.
Sebastian, the elevator stopped
and I can't get out.
You need to take Carmen down
and get Basara.
SEBASTIAN: No, she locked me in.
I can't get out.
Find a way out, Sebastian!
It's okay, I got an idea.
I'm gonna scale the balcony.
get to the next floor.
You're gonna do what?!
I totally got this.
What could go wrong?No!
Okay.
Searched every inch
of the hotel.
No sign of Carmen.
She somehow beat us
to Basara,
threw him off a balcony,
and slipped away,
avoiding every
security camera.
Got to assume with
the Khalifa Brief.
How'd she even know
where Basara was?
Patton says she cloned
your phone.
Heard every word you
and Gregorio were saying.
Which is why she invited me up
to her room in the first place.
Man, she played me.
LASALLE:
Botched phone trace,
dead diplomat,
intel out in the open.
King's gonna take
a big hit on this.
Yeah.
It's Hannah.
I'm gonna fill her in.
Sebastian.
No, I know,
you tried to warn me.
Nah, baby, this isn't
an "I told you so."
Drink your tea.
Come on.
Better?
Oh, it's still too hot.
What's going on?
The suit, the house,
the gut calls.
What's up?
I don't know.
I just want to live up
to my potential, you know?
Life's short.
One minute you're collecting
rare action figures,
and the next...
I see. It's Pride.
He nearly dies. It was
a wake-up call for us all.
Except I'm the only one
who bought real estate
and got fooled
by a smart, quirky,
incredibly attractive
assassin.
Yeah, well, happens
to the best of us.
Go home.
Ditch the suit, get some
rest, clear your head.
We won't let Carmen
get away, promise.
PRIDE:
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, I understand.
Yeah.
I will get...
I will get back to you
as soon as I know more.
Thank you.
You all right?
Yesterday was not
my best first day.
Just heard today
might be my last.
I meant
your breathing.
In through the nose,
out through the mouth.
Deep breathing exercises
can help.
How's Sebastian?
He blames himself
for putting you in this spot.
Oh, I put myself in this spot.No.
Sebastian's
in the clear.
HQ just wants my head
on a platter, not his.
Yeah, well, bigger job,
bigger challenges, huh?
I messed up.
I made a judgment
call, got it wrong.
The case isn't over yet.
Okay, your team is working hard
to find Carmen.
Your team now.
Patton thinks he can
reverse the clone
she placed on Sebastian's phone.
We're gonna find her
and the Khalifa Brief.
Oh, I appreciate the support.
But I'm not sure it's gonna be
enough to smooth the waves.
End of day, all D.C.
cares about are results.
You deliver
the Khalifa Brief,
all is forgiven.
Patton found Carmen.
It's not good.
CARMEN:
Nice sweats.
Don't.
Can we just...?
Sorry it has
to go this way.
She so much as touches him,
I swear I'm gonna kill her.
You played me.
You killed Morrison.
You killed Basara.
Now you're
under arrest.Oh, shut up already.
Now, listen very carefully
to what I'm about to say.
That's the house.
Guys.
Guys, it's okay,
don't shoot.
She's British
intelligence.
She's on our side.
A little overkill,
don't you think?
Special Agent Lund might believe
your story about MI6,
but I'm not
convinced.
British intelligence
claims no knowledge of you.
Well, that's why they call it
Her Majesty's SecretService.
Our allied intelligence agencies
don't usually make a habit
of killing American
naval officers.
I didn't kill Morrison.
I was shadowing him.
Actually, I tried
to save his life, but...
his killer got away.
Your mission was
the Khalifa Brief.
Morrison didn't have it,
so you insinuated yourself
with Special Agent Lund.
Sounds quite cold
when you put it like that.
HANNAH:
How would you put seducing
an NCIS agent
in order to steal intel
and kill Mikael Basara?
Not that you'll believe me, but
I don't havethe Khalifa Brief,
and I didn't kill Basara either.
You were trying
to save him, too?
Well, you're not very good
at it, are you?
CARMEN:
I want to see you do better,
running up three flights
of stairs in a cocktail dress.
Forced eye contact,
modulated breath.
She's like
an Olympic-level liar.
I believe her.
He was beating on your guy--
Basara.
She used you.
Technically, yeah,
but she also turned herself in.
It's got to count
for something.
Sebastian... don't.
Okay? She's a spy. She's
a professional manipulator.
Says the woman who fell for
a manipulative spy... twice.
We're not talking about me.
HANNAH:
Tapped into phones, didn't you?
Yes, I cloned Sebastian's
phone for intel.
Yes, I went up to the room
Basara was hiding in,
but I was too late.Because a masked man
was already there,
fighting with Basara
and throwing him
off the edge of a balcony?
I tried
to stop him from escaping.
But he conveniently
got away again.
We are wasting time.
The only reason
I allowed Sebastian
to bring me in is so that
we could work together.
HANNAH:
I see.
Your true suspect is out there
and still has the Khalifa Brief.
We could bring him and
the brief in together.
And why would we do that?
Because I possess treasure.
I found it in
Basara's room.
My guess-- it's the key
to the Khalifa Brief.
You're not seriously
buying this?
This is a very advanced,
highly-encrypted
electronic key.
The kind commonly used for
top secret diplomatic pouches.
SEBASTIAN:
If Basara hid the
Khalifa Brief in a pouch
and this key opens it,
we can use it to lure out
Morrison's killer.
GREGORIO:
What if Carmen isthat killer
and she's playing us again?
Which is likely.
But her story
makes sense, though.
Basara snuck the brief
out of the UAE,
in a pouch, to the States,
waiting to retrieve it so he
could turn it over to Morrison.
HANNAH: She claims
the pouch is stored
at the UAE consulate
for safe keeping.
And if that's true, then
Morrison and Basara's killer
is gonna go there
looking for it.
We need to be there
to catch him.
GREGORIO: So you want
to sneak into the UAE embassy,
where we have no jurisdiction,
to steal sensitive intelligence
out of a pouch we're legally
forbidden to touch?
HANNAH:
With the help of a spy
we have no business trusting.
Anyone got a better idea?
Okay, let's just say
we do this, right?
How do we gain access
in the first place?
SEBASTIAN: Consulate's throwing
a big ball later today.
Carmen's got an invite.
I can be her plus one.
What about the rest of us?HANNAH:
I got a friend at State.
It's a long story,
but kind of owes me his life.
I'll make a call.
I want to thank you for keeping
your trust in me, Sebastian.
Oh, I don't trust you
more than I can throw you,
which, based off our fight
earlier, we both know
is not very far.
So why am I here?
Pretty sure you're not
the murder suspect.
I checked the bruising pattern
around Basara's body.
Unless you secretly have
man hands, you didn't do it.
I appreciate you going
the extra mile for me.
Let's just finish the case.
PRIDE:
All right, Sebastian.
You and Carmen need to head up
to the second floor now.
:
Brief will be secured there.HANNAH: Keep your eyes open.
The killer
will recognize Carmen.
Probably already
on your tail.
Patton, any luck
tracking suspects?
PATTON: Uh, nothing so far,
Pride, but I'm all over it.
I'm scanning the guest list,
cross-referencing anybody
with combat background,
six feet or taller.
It's gonna take a minute.
SEBASTIAN:
The sooner you know,
the better chance we have
of not being beaten to death.
PATTON:
Don't sweat it.
I got your six.
Sebastian, when you find
Basara's diplomatic pouch,
you cannot legally open it.
Carmen is a foreign national.
She'll need to do it.
That way, NCIS is in the clear.
So long as she actually hands
the intel over.
And, Sebastian,
inside the consulate
is sovereign soil.
You've got to draw
Morrison's killer outside
to make the arrest.
PRIDE:
And remember,
the most important part
of this operation.
Stay alive?
Stay quiet.
Diplomats only, upstairs.
Play it cool.
PRIDE: Well, we're gonna need
a distraction.
HANNAH:
No problem.
Hmm?
Oh...
:
Let's go.
Kiss me.What? I don't think I can...
It's cool, they're gone.
Yeah, it's cool.
Uh, courier room
should be down this way.
We'll slip in,
grab the pouch, and get out.
Here they are.
SEBASTIAN :
Okay...
Guys, it's gonna take us
a little longer
to find what we're looking for.
PATTON:
Heads up, guys. Results just in.
I think I found our suspect.
Aram Nader,
former UAE Special Forces,
trained in close combat,
running for office in the UAE.
I questioned him yesterday.
If he's mentioned
in the Khalifa Brief,
he's gonna go from diplomat
to death row.
End of a political career
and more.
PRIDE:
Sebastian, they're on the move.
Excuse me.
Ah...
Not the first time I hear
the name Pride.
SEBASTIAN:
You know, I'd really love
to be gone by the time
the expert killer gets here.
Yeah, working on it.
You're the man who got
Mikael Basara killed.
It's slightly
more complicated than that.
You authorized
an international phone trace.
Now he is dead.
Am I missing nuance?
I can explain.
By all means.
Got it.
That's it?
That's the Khalifa Brief?
That's the thing that's
gonna bring down dozens
of international
criminal organizations?
What were you expecting?
Something more, uh, 007-y.
Deal's a deal.
Hurry up. We got
to get out of here.Fine.
This is a restricted area.
And you're in violation
of international law.
Okay, I'm gonna hold 'em off
while...
So much for quiet.
Go!
Ambassador Hariri,
you need to leave now.
Is this your doing?
I can explain it all later.
Sebastian, where are you?
In trouble.
What's going on, Sebastian?
I'm a little tied
up right now.
Give me the drive.
You're gonna have
to come and take it.
As you wish.
GREGORIO:
Sebastian? Sebastian.
I'm going in.No, hey. We can't.
Badges don't mean
anything in there.
We go in there, all
hell's gonna break lose.
What do you call this?
LASALLE:
Sebastian
You got to bring Nader to us.
Yeah, that's easier said than...
NADER:
Don't make me lose my patience.
Give me the drive.
Give me the drive
and I'll let you live.
You make a good point.
:
Guys, I'm coming in hot.
LASALLE:
What's that mean?
Here you go.
Federal agents!Hands in the air!
Get 'em up!
You can't arrest me.
Diplomatic immunity.
PRIDE:
Last time I checked,
New Orleans was still
on U.S. soil.
Here, all we need
is Ambassador Hariri's
personal approval.
HANNAH: And considering
that you've murdered two men,
including your own associates,
I think
he'll cooperate.
You're correct,
Special Agent Khoury.
His immunity's revoked.
Cuff him.
GREGORIO: Easy, baby.SEBASTIAN: Yeah, yeah.
You know, I'm fine, I'm fine.
We got to find Carmen.
Where is she?HANNAH: I'm afraid
she's gone, Sebastian.
We lost her in the chaos.
I'm sorry.
:
All right, well,
at least we got
the Khalifa Brief.
We absolutely do not have
I've scrubbed this drive
up, down and sideways.
No secret bank files.Are you sure, Patton?
All we have is hundreds of
photos of a dog in a sweater.
Oh.
Did you tell Sebastian yet?
Yeah, he was with me
when I opened the file.
All he said was
"Dogothy Zbornak,"
and he had someplace to be.
Sebastian?
SEBASTIAN:
You got an untraceable phone.
Not surprised
that I got your number?
I know you're good
at what you do.
Well, so are you.
Specifically uh, lying,
deceiving-- what else--
double-crossing.
I'm sorry. I am.
I didn't want it to go this way.
I really do like you.
But my mission was the brief.
Oh, it's cool,
you know, I get it.
All's fair in love
and espionage.
Under different circumstances...
I guess what I'm saying
is maybe
we will meet again.
Yeah, well, why wait?
:
How did you...?
The old Gigantosaur
key chain tracker.
Slipped it in your bag
before we went to the consulate,
just because of all the, uh,
lying and deceiving
and the double-crossing.Double-crossing.
Yeah.
Well, I guess the ball's
in your court now, Sebastian.
What's the move?
THOMPSON: Naval intelligence is reviewing
the Khalifa Brief as we speak.
Intel as valuable as advertised?
D.C. is very pleased.
And I have to admit,
I'm impressed.
You managed to turn utter
catastrophe into total victory.
Oh, I can't take
credit, Thompson.
Special Agent Khoury's team
did the heavy lifting,
especially Agent Lund.
Though he did let
that British agent slip away.
Well, let's just call that
a diplomatic compromise.
Well, whatever you call it,
looks like you made it
to a third day on the job.
Morning, boss.Morning, Ginny.
Let's just see if I can
survive to day four.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org